.\" +----------
.\" |
.\" |			  GIT/GITPS/GITVIEW man page
.\" |
.\" |	      Copyright 1993-1999 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
.\" |
.\" |	This file is part of GIT (GNU Interactive Tools)
.\" |
.\" |	GIT is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\" | the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\" | Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any later
.\" | version.
.\" |
.\" | GIT is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\" | WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
.\" | FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
.\" | details.
.\" |
.\" | You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\" | with GIT; see the file COPYING. If not, write to the Free Software
.\" | Foundation, 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.\" |
.\" | $Id: git.1,v 1.2 1999/10/21 13:09:34 tudor Exp $
.TH git 1
.SH NAME
git \- GNU Interactive Tools
.SH SYNTAX
.I git
[options] [path1] [path2]
.br
.I gitps
[options]
.br
.I gitview
[options] filename

.SH NOTE
The main configuration file of the
.I GIT
package is
.B ".gitrc.TERM"
where
.B TERM
is the value of the environment
variable
.BR "" ' TERM '
e.g for Linux console your environment contains something like
.BR "" ' "TERM=console" '
so the configuration file name is
.BR ".gitrc.console" "."
You can (and should) have a configuration file for each terminal type you use.

.SH DESCRIPTION
.I git
is a
.B file system browser
with some shell facilities which was designed to make your work
easier and more efficient.

.I gitps
is an interactive process viewer/killer. It calls internally the
.IR ps (1)
utility so that's the reason why
.I gitps
parameters are in fact
.IR ps (1)
ones. Running
.I gitps
it is self explanatory. Use the
arrows, PageUp, PageDown, Home, End, ^N, ^P, ^V, ESC v to move in
the list, ^L to refresh it and F10 or ^G to leave. You can change
these keys, just read the sections
.B [GITPS-Setup], [GITPS-Color], [GITPS-Monochrome] and [GITPS-Keys]
in the configuration file
.BR ".gitrc.TERM" .
See also
.BR "CONFIGURATION FILES" .

.I gitview
is an hex/ascii file viewer. Use the arrows, PageUp, PageDown, Home,
End, ^N, ^P, ^V, ESC v to move in the file, ^L to refresh the screen
and F10 or ^G to leave. You can change those keys, just read the
sections
.B [GITVIEW-Setup], [GITVIEW-Color], [GITVIEW-Monochrome] and [GITVIEW-Keys]
in the configuration file
.BR ".gitrc.TERM" .
See also
.BR "CONFIGURATION FILES" .

.SH FILE-SYSTEM BROWSER
.I git
is made of two panels. The left one and the right one. Each
one contains a file system directory. You can browse the
directory tree with the usual cursor keys and pressing
.B ENTER
when you want to enter or leave a directory.
You may change the panels by pressing
.BR TAB .
See also
.BR "BUILT-IN COMMANDS" .

.SH INPUT LINE
Under the two panels there is a shell like input line which
you can use to type normal shell commands. The input line
supports unlimited characters and keeps a history of the typed
commands. GIT uses the GNU history library for that.
See also
.BR "BUILT-IN COMMANDS" .

.SH WARNINGS AND ERRORS REPORTING
Under the input line there is a status bar. You can see there
the status of the currently executed command, the warnings and
errors and you will be prompted if a decision has to be taken.

.SH BUGS
These manual page is incomplete.  Only the GIT's info documentation is
being updated.

Please send bug reports to:
.br
.I Tudor Hulubei <tudor@cs.unh.edu>

.SH SEE ALSO
termcap(5) terminfo(5) sh(1) ps(1) mount(8) umount(8) gitaction(1) gitmount(1)
gitkeys(1) gitrgrep(1) gitunpack(1)

.SH AUTHORS
.I Tudor Hulubei <tudor@cs.unh.edu>
.br
.I Andrei Pitis <pink@pub.ro>
