.\" +----------
.\" |
.\" |			       gitdpkgname man page
.\" |
.\" |	       Copyright 1993-2007 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
.\" |
.\" |	This file is part of GIT (GNU Interactive Tools)
.\" |
.\" |	GIT is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\" | the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\" | Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any later
.\" | version.
.\" |
.\" | GIT is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\" | WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
.\" | FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
.\" | details.
.\" |
.\" | You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\" | with GIT; see the file COPYING. If not, write to the Free Software
.\" | Foundation, 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.\" |
.TH gitdpkgname 1
.SH NAME
gitdpkgname \- GNU Interactive Tools \- gitdpkgname helper script
.SH SYNTAX
.I gitdpkgname [file...]

.SH DESCRIPTION

gitdpkgname is a very small script that is used by gitfm(1) when using
any of the ^C^D commands that expect a debian packagename.

For each argument that ends in .deb, gitdpkgname queries the named
package for its name and prints it. All other arguments are printed
unchanged.

This enables commands (e.g. ^C^DL) expecting a packagename to be given
a .deb file, and the packagename will be extracted automatically.

.SH SEE ALSO

gitfm(1)

info(1) documentation for 'git', especially section 3.1.9.21:
.B Working with DPKG

.SH BUGS

Please send bug reports to:
.br
.I Ian Beckwith <ianb@nessie.mcc.ac.uk>

.SH AUTHORS
.I Tudor Hulubei <tudor@cs.unh.edu>
.br
.I Andrei Pitis <pink@pub.ro>
.br
.I Ian Beckwith <ianb@nessie.mcc.ac.uk> (Current maintainer)
