.\" +----------
.\" |
.\" |			  GITFM man page
.\" |
.\" |	      Copyright 1993-1999 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
.\" |
.\" |	This file is part of GIT (GNU Interactive Tools)
.\" |
.\" |	GIT is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\" | the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\" | Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any later
.\" | version.
.\" |
.\" | GIT is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\" | WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
.\" | FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
.\" | details.
.\" |
.\" | You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\" | with GIT; see the file COPYING. If not, write to the Free Software
.\" | Foundation, 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.\" |
.\" | $Id: gitfm.1,v 1.1 2005-10-22 15:29:15 ianb Exp $
.TH git 1
.SH NAME
gitfm \- GNU Interactive Tools File Manager
.SH SYNTAX
.I gitfm
[options] [path1] [path2]

.SH NOTE
The main configuration file of the
.I GIT
package is
.B ".gitrc.TERM"
where
.B TERM
is the value of the environment
variable
.BR "" ' TERM '
e.g for Linux console your environment contains something like
.BR "" ' "TERM=console" '
so the configuration file name is
.BR ".gitrc.console" "."
You can (and should) have a configuration file for each terminal type you use.

.SH DESCRIPTION
.I gitfm
is a
.B file system browser
with some shell facilities which was designed to make your work
easier and more efficient.

The GIT package also contains
.I gitps,
an interactive process viewer/killer and
.I gitview,
a hex/ascii file viewer.

.SH OPTIONS
A summary of options is included below.
For a complete description, see the Info files.
.TP
.B \-h
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-v
Show version of program.
.TP
.B \-c
Use ANSI colours.
.TP
.B \-b
Don't use ANSI colours.
.TP
.B \-l
Don't use last screen character.
.TP
.B \-p
Output the final path on exit

.SH FILE-SYSTEM BROWSER
.I gitfm
is made of two panels. The left one and the right one. Each
one contains a file system directory. You can browse the
directory tree with the usual cursor keys and pressing
.B ENTER
when you want to enter or leave a directory.
You may change the panels by pressing
.BR TAB .
See also
.BR "BUILT-IN COMMANDS" .

.SH INPUT LINE
Under the two panels there is a shell like input line which
you can use to type normal shell commands. The input line
supports unlimited characters and keeps a history of the typed
commands. gitfm uses the GNU history library for that.
See also
.BR "BUILT-IN COMMANDS" .

.SH WARNINGS AND ERRORS REPORTING
Under the input line there is a status bar. You can see there
the status of the currently executed command, the warnings and
errors and you will be prompted if a decision has to be taken.

.SH BUGS
These manual page is incomplete.  Only the GIT's info documentation is
being updated.

Please send bug reports to:
.br
.I Ian Beckwith <ianb@nessie.mcc.ac.uk>

.SH SEE ALSO
termcap(5) terminfo(5) sh(1) ps(1) mount(8) umount(8) gitps(1) gitview(1)
gitaction(1) gitmount(1) gitkeys(1) gitrgrep(1) gitunpack(1)

.SH AUTHORS
.I Tudor Hulubei <tudor@cs.unh.edu>
.br
.I Andrei Pitis <pink@pub.ro>
.br
.I Ian Beckwith <ianb@nessie.mcc.ac.uk> (Current maintainer)
