.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH GITINTERNAL 1 "Sep 30, 2007"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
gitwhich, gitmkdirs, gitxgrep \- Helper programs for git
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B gitwhich
.I file ...
.br
.B gitmkdirs
.I path ...
.br
.B gitxgrep
.I grepcmd args ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.BR gitwhich ", " gitmkdirs " and " gitxgrep
commands.
These commands are internal to \fBgit\fP(1) and should generally not be run directly.
.PP


.PP
.TP
.BI gitwhich " file ..."
gitwitch returns with an exit status of 0 if any of its \fBfile\fP arguments
exist in the PATH, otherwise it returns 1.
.TP
.BI gitmkdirs " path ..."
Creates the directory \fBpath\fP and any required parent directories.
.TP
.BI gitxgrep " grepcmd args ..."
Used as a helper script by \fBgitrgrep\fP(1), \fBgitregrep\fP(1),
and \fBgitrfgrep\fP(1). Calls \fIgrepcmd\fP, passing \fIargs\fP to it.
.PP
.BR gitwhich ", " gitmkdirs " and " gitxgrep
are part of \fBgit\fP(1), the GNU Interactive Tools.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR gitfm (1)
.PP
\fBThese tools are documented fully in
.IR "GNU Interactive Tools" ,
available via the Info system.
.SH AUTHORS
.I Tudor Hulubei <tudor@cs.unh.edu>
.br
.I Andrei Pitis <pink@pub.ro>
.br
.I Ian Beckwith <ianb@nessie.mcc.ac.uk> (current maintainer)

