.\" +----------
.\" |
.\" |			       GITKEYS man page
.\" |
.\" |	       Copyright 1993-1999 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
.\" |
.\" |	This file is part of GIT (GNU Interactive Tools)
.\" |
.\" |	GIT is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\" | the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\" | Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any later
.\" | version.
.\" |
.\" | GIT is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\" | WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
.\" | FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
.\" | details.
.\" |
.\" | You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\" | with GIT; see the file COPYING. If not, write to the Free Software
.\" | Foundation, 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.\" |
.\" | $Id: gitkeys.1,v 1.2 2005-10-22 15:29:15 ianb Exp $
.TH gitkeys 1
.SH NAME
gitkeys \- GNU Interactive Tools - Display key sequence utility
.SH SYNTAX
.I gitkeys

.SH DESCRIPTION
.I gitkeys
is a program that displays the key sequence sent by the pressed
key. This is the key sequence received by GIT tools, so this program
is useful when setting up the .gitrc.TERM configuration files.


.SH BUGS
These manual page is incomplete.  Only the GIT's info documentation is
being updated.

Please send bug reports to:
.br
.I Tudor Hulubei <tudor@cs.unh.edu>

.SH SEE ALSO
gitfm(1) gitps(1) gitview(1) gitmount(1) gitaction(1) gitrgrep(1) gitunpack(1)

.SH AUTHORS
.I Tudor Hulubei <tudor@cs.unh.edu>
.br
.I Andrei Pitis <pink@pub.ro>
