.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH GITPS 1 "Sep 30, 2007"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
gitps \- A process viewer/killer
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B gitps
.RI [ -hvcblp ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B gitps
command.

\fBgitps\fP is an interactive process viewer/killer.  It calls
internally the \fBps\fP(1) utility.

.PP

Running `gitps' is self explanatory.  Use the `arrows', `PageUp',
`PageDown', `Home', `End', `^N', `^P', `^V', `ESC v', `Space' and
`Backspace' to move in the list, `^L' to refresh it, `Enter' to change
the default signal and `F10', `q' or `^X ^C' to leave.

.PP
You can change these keys, just read the GITPS-Setup, GITPS-Color,
GITPS-Monochrome and GITPS-Keys sections in the configuration files
\fB.gitrc.TERM\fP.

.PP
.B gitps
is part of the GNU Interactive Tools.

.SH OPTIONS
A summary of options is included below.
For a complete description, see the Info files.
.TP
.B \-h
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-v
Show version of program.
.TP
.B \-c
Use ANSI colours.
.TP
.B \-b
Don't use ANSI colours.
.TP
.B \-l
Don't use last screen character.
.TP
.B \-p
Pass the remaining arguments to ps(1).
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR gitfm (1)
.PP
\fBgitps\fP and \fBgitfm\fP are documented fully by
.IR "GNU Interactive Tools" ,
available via the Info system.
.SH AUTHORS
.I Tudor Hulubei <tudor@cs.unh.edu>
.br
.I Andrei Pitis <pink@pub.ro>
.br
.I Ian Beckwith <ianb@nessie.mcc.ac.uk> (current maintainer)
