.\" +----------
.\" |
.\" |			       GITUNPACK man page
.\" |
.\" |	       Copyright 1993-1999 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
.\" |
.\" |	This file is part of GIT (GNU Interactive Tools)
.\" |
.\" |	GIT is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\" | the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\" | Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any later
.\" | version.
.\" |
.\" | GIT is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\" | WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
.\" | FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
.\" | details.
.\" |
.\" | You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\" | with GIT; see the file COPYING. If not, write to the Free Software
.\" | Foundation, 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.\" |
.\" | $Id: gitunpack.1,v 1.1 1999/01/16 22:32:55 tudor Exp $
.TH gitunpack 1
.SH NAME
gitunpack \- GNU Interactive Tools - Unified archive unpacking
.SH SYNTAX
.I gitunpack dir files...

.SH DESCRIPTION
.I gitunpack
is a shell script that accepts a directory and a set of archives as
its command line parameters, and then attempts to unpack those
archives in the given directory, selecting the utility used to unpack
the archives based on the archive extensions.

.SH BUGS
These manual page is incomplete.  Only the GIT's info documentation is
being updated.

Please send bug reports to:
.br
.I Tudor Hulubei <tudor@cs.unh.edu>

.SH SEE ALSO
git(1) gitps(1) gitview(1) gitmount(1) gitaction(1) gitrgrep(1) gitkeys(1)

.SH AUTHORS
.I Tudor Hulubei <tudor@cs.unh.edu>
.br
.I Andrei Pitis <pink@pub.ro>
