.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH GITVIEW 1 "Sep 30, 2007"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
gitview \- An ASCII/HEX file viewer
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B gitview
.RI [ -hvcblp ] " file"

.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B gitview
command.

\fBgitview\fP is an ASCII/HEX file viewer.  Use the `arrows', `PageUp',
`PageDown', `Home', `End', `^N', `^P', `^V', `ESC v', `Space' and
`Backspace' to move in the file, `^L' to refresh the screen and `F10',
`q' or `^X ^C' to leave.

.PP
You can change these keys, just read the GITVIEW-Setup,
GITVIEW-Color, GITVIEW-Monochrome and GITVIEW-Keys sections in the
configuration files \fB.gitrc.TERM\fP.

.PP
.B gitview
is part of \fBgit\fP(1), the GNU Interactive Tools.

.SH OPTIONS
A summary of options is included below.
For a complete description, see the Info files.
.TP
.B \-h
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-v
Show version of program.
.TP
.B \-c
Use ANSI colours.
.TP
.B \-b
Don't use ANSI colours.
.TP
.B \-l
Don't use last screen character.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR gitfm (1)
.PP
\fBgitview\fP and \fBgitfm\fP are documented fully by
.IR "GNU Interactive Tools" ,
available via the Info system.
.SH AUTHORS
.I Tudor Hulubei <tudor@cs.unh.edu>
.br
.I Andrei Pitis <pink@pub.ro>
.br
.I Ian Beckwith <ianb@nessie.mcc.ac.uk> (current maintainer)
