.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH GITWIPE 1 "Sep 30, 2007"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
gitwipe \- An utility for wiping files
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B gitwipe
.I  "file ..."

.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B gitwipe
command.

\fBgitwipe\fP is an utility for wiping files.  It overwrites the file
contents with a random sequence of numbers and then calls `sync'().

.PP
Note that \fBgitwipe\fP does \fBnot\fP remove the wiped file since (under
`Linux' at least) the `sync'() system call might return before actually
writing the new file contents to disk.  Removing the file might be
dangerous because some file systems can detect that the blocks in the
removed wiped file are no longer used and never write them back to disk
in order to improve performance.  It is up to you to remove the file(s)
at a later moment.

.PP
.B gitwipe
is part of the GNU Interactive Tools.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR gitfm (1)
.PP
\fBgitwipe\fP and \fBgitfm\fP are documented fully by
.IR "GNU Interactive Tools" ,
available via the Info system.

.SH BUGS
Please send bug reports to:
.br
.I Ian Beckwith <ianb@erislabs.net>

.SH AUTHORS
.I Tudor Hulubei <tudor@cs.unh.edu>
.br
.I Andrei Pitis <pink@pub.ro>
.br
.I Ian Beckwith <ianb@erislabs.net> (Current maintainer)
